---
layout: post
title: Arrived
---

We have finally reached the end of the semester. This will be the last blog of this class. It has been a fun ride but it's not quite over yet. Still have the final exam for this class and a couple of my other classes as well.

### What did you do this past week?
This past week we did some presentations in this class. We were able to look at lots of interesting libraries provided to work with Python. Then we also saw lots of different applications that had interesting visuals and functionality. They were very nice over all and I feel like I definitely was enriched and encouraged by all the different projects.

### What’s in your way?
This week just has a bunch of exams left so it's up to me and my time to be able to study for these exams and make sure that I know the materials. I hope that I will be able to do well and continue to be able to succeed in my classes as well as budgeting time in my life for other activities and other people as well.

### What will you do next week?
Our group will actually be presenting next week and we will be able to finally be done with that. Afterwards it will be preparing for the exam and making sure all the material that I need to know is squared away and remembered. It should be a good time of studying.

### This Class
This class is very helpful on being able to learn to collaborate a lot, so I have enjoyed just experiencing and learning how to work with other people together. It is very exciting to see technologies and libraries being used in different ways and come together in an interesting way.

**Tip-of-the-week:** LinkedIn allows you to write personal blog posts! So we can take what we have been learning here and post it to allow potential employeers and clients alike to see!

**Todo: Study for the final midterm.**
