---
layout: post
title: Netflix
---

So far so good on the Netflix project. But these blog tend to get tedious sometimes. Maybe I need to find something better to write about or write about more interesting topics.

### What did you do this past week?

This week we looked at more python in class. I learned more about generators and list comprehensions. They are both very interesting concepts that I had learned about before in the python class. But it still seems cool that python has these kinds of constructs. It makes writing certain functions very simplistic and it can be achieved in a clear way. 

### What's in your way?

I still want to get more excercise in my routine eventhough I started a bit this past week. I think the biggest things are school and obviously still myself. I got to get over myself!

### What will you do next week?

Next week I will continue to work on the Netflix project and hopefully get our RMSE down a little bit more. I will also be able to get a head start on my other classes and also study for my Software Design class and get some reading done for this class as well.

### This Class

So far the pair programming on the project has been going weel. I think it is much easier to get more confident about the code that is produced when there are two people looking at it. Eventhough it might seem more tedious or maybe seem harder at certain times as there are two people and you must deal with conflicts (as you don't usually have conflicts alone), overall I believe the code produced has less mistakes.

**Tip-of-the-week:** 
For the people who enjoy making music with their computers, [Valhalla Shimmer](https://valhalladsp.com/shop/reverb/valhalla-shimmer/) is a nice reverb plugin for virtual instruments which can produce some cool ambient effects. It pretty cheap and definitly worth the price!

**Todo: Finalize Netflix project.**
